RandomVSRandom Report

1) What is your conclusion, does the first or second player have some advantage, at least for a random strategy?
Based of a simulating 10000 games where both players' moves are picked by an algorithm that chooses a random possible
move, I have come to a conclusion that player 2 has a slight advantage.

2) Watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq9DzN6mvYA

3) Briefly write your thoughts on the above video below:
The video focuses on using computational simulations to explore statistical questions in a way that's intuitive for
coders. This approach is relevant to our analysis, as we are essentially conducting a similar simulation to understand
if P1 or P2 has an advantage in random Othello games. The video supports using direct simulation to empirically
determine if there is an advantage for either player, rather than relying solely on theoretical calculations.

4) H0 (null hypothesis) is that there is no advantage between the player that goes first (P1) and the player that goes
second (P2) in Othello.

5) Ha (alternate hypothesis) is that there is an advantage between the player that goes first (P1) and the player that
goes second (P2) in Othello.

6) Choose one of the following and delete the other:
   My experimental results do not support H0, so they support Ha

7) As in the video, use either math or code (add a Java Class) to argue for or against H0
After running the simulation code 10,000 times, we found that Player 2 has a significant advantage over Player 1 in
Othello when both players make random valid moves. Specifically, Player 1 won approximately 45.358% of the games, while
Player 2 won about 50.405%. These results support our alternate hypothesis (Ha), which states that there is an advantage
between the player that goes first (P1) and the player that goes second (P2) in Othello. Consequently, we reject the
null hypothesis (H0), which posits that there is no advantage between the two players.

References: 
https://www.thoughtco.com/null-hypothesis-vs-alternative-hypothesis-3126413